README.md, before:

# Progressive Web Apps @cmda-minor-web · 2021/22


<!-- Here are some hints for your project! -->

<!-- Start out with a title and a description -->

<!-- Add a nice image here at the end of the week, showing off your shiny frontend 📸 -->

<!-- Add a link to your live demo in Github Pages 🌐-->

<!-- replace the code in the /docs folder with your own, so you can showcase your work with GitHub Pages 🌍 -->

<!-- Maybe a table of contents here? 📚 -->

<!-- ☝️ replace this description with a description of your own work -->

<!-- How about a section that describes how to install this project? 🤓 -->

<!-- ...but how does one use this project? What are its features 🤔 -->

<!-- ...you should implement an explanation of client- server rendering choices 🍽 -->

<!-- ...and an activity diagram including the Service Worker 📈 -->

<!-- This would be a good place for a list of enhancements to optimize the critical render path implemented your app  -->

<!-- Maybe a checklist of done stuff and stuff still on your wishlist? ✅ -->

<!-- We all stand on the shoulders of giants, please link all the sources you used in to create this project. -->

<!-- How about a license here? When in doubt use GNU GPL v3. 📜  -->

Commit message:

added node, npm and express

README.md, after:

# Progressive Web Apps @cmda-minor-web · 2021/22

## Install node, NPM and Express
I started by updating my version of Node.JS and NPM using Node Version Manager. If you want to install from scratch go to the [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) website. Once Node was installed I followed the Node [Getting Started Guide](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/getting-started-guide/), which helps you through setting up a simple https server and displaying 'Hello World' on localhost {port}.

After that I started with Express. I navigated to my project directory to `npm init`. This makes a `package.json` file to store, among other things, dependencies. I installed Express using `npm install express`. After that i added a render function to my app.js to render the `index.html` file in my directory.


<!-- Add a nice image here at the end of the week, showing off your shiny frontend 📸 -->

<!-- Add a link to your live demo in Github Pages 🌐-->

<!-- replace the code in the /docs folder with your own, so you can showcase your work with GitHub Pages 🌍 -->

<!-- Maybe a table of contents here? 📚 -->

<!-- ☝️ replace this description with a description of your own work -->

<!-- How about a section that describes how to install this project? 🤓 -->

<!-- ...but how does one use this project? What are its features 🤔 -->

<!-- ...you should implement an explanation of client- server rendering choices 🍽 -->

<!-- ...and an activity diagram including the Service Worker 📈 -->

<!-- This would be a good place for a list of enhancements to optimize the critical render path implemented your app  -->

<!-- Maybe a checklist of done stuff and stuff still on your wishlist? ✅ -->

<!-- We all stand on the shoulders of giants, please link all the sources you used in to create this project. -->

<!-- How about a license here? When in doubt use GNU GPL v3. 📜  -->
